OK, so we've integrated our cart into and we're pretty satisfied now with what it looks like, but
there's one more thing I want to do, right?
Because we have navigation over here, over in in this component, we can pull in navigation.
And so the one last thing that I want to do to go kind of semi full circle is after you add the cart,
I want to do navigation, dot navigate and I want to automatically navigate us to check out and that'll
make it look nice.
There we go.
So any time you add the cart boom, you're in the checkout.
Now, I have four specials in my cart for this restaurant.
Amazing.
Now, what what we also have to note here is that we already built in the logic to clear the cart right
in the cart context.
If you add the cart and the restaurants don't match up, we're going to clear it.
So if I go over here and I added over here, you're going to see.
Whoa, what's going on here, is this actually working as intended?
Doesn't look like it, does it, right, if I reload here and I looked at Zuni Café and I ordered a
special from there and then I went to a different restaurant.
Like Brenda and I ordered a special from there.
Well, now I have two items in my cart.
But the business is is being set to Brenda, but I have two specials in my cart that doesn't make sense
at all, right?
It shouldn't still keep the previous cart, it should reset the cart.
So why isn't it doing that?
Well, it's because we aren't exiting out of this function.
So any time you do this, you either have to return here or you have to wrap this in an else statement.
Otherwise it'll just execute both.
Right.
So it was adding twice.
So if we go look here, small logic error.
But now if we go order from Zooni Gaffey, one item, if we switch over to Brenda's French soul food,
one item.
So we're clearing our cart properly.
Now, these logic errors, they can creep up on you, though.
So either add a return here or add an else statement to wrap the else of this particular logic.
Those things can come and catch you.
And you wouldn't even notice, right, these small little bugs.
Same thing would making a little little typo here in values without calling it values value.
Right.
Those types of things you need to watch out for, they can cause tiny little bugs that could basically
not show themselves to you until you take a closer look.
So it's important to always test this logic.
And now that we have the full end to end integration of an order button into our cart, we can start
building out the UI here to look a bit nicer.
So let's go ahead and do that.